Add Pack Iteration blog post (#578)
apple/swift-org-website: _posts/2024-03-03-pack-iteration.md

---
layout: post
published: true

> date: 2024-03-03 10:00:00

Reviewer: Let's remember to update this when we merge

title: Iterate Over Parameter Packs in Swift 6.0
author: [simanerush]
---

> Parameter packs, introduced in Swift 5.9, make it possible to write generics that abstract over the number of arguments, meaning you don’t need to have overloaded copies of the same generic function for one argument, two arguments, three arguments, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parameter packs, introduced in Swift 5.9, make it possible to write generics that abstract over the number of arguments. The eliminates the need to have overloaded copies of the same generic function for one argument, two arguments, three arguments, and so on.
```

Reviewer 2: The suggestion should be "This eliminates the need", but I agree a new sentence works well here.

Reviewer: Fixed, thanks!
